

This paper presents CoOp, a few-shot learning method that uses learnable context 
vectors to optimize pre-trained vision-language models for downstream image 
recognition tasks. Experiments on 11 datasets show that CoOp outperforms 
hand-crafted prompts and the linear probe model, and is robust to domain shifts. 
The paper also discusses various research papers related to computer vision, 
including topics such as natural adversarial examples, scaling up visual and 
vision-language representation learning, visual prompt tuning, predicting deep 
zero-shot convolutional neural networks, parameter-efficient prompt tuning, 
learning visual n-grams from web data, optimizing continuous prompts for 
generation, pre-training with noisy text supervision, measuring robustness to 
natural distribution shifts, and learning robust global representations.


 This paper presents the Recurrent Memory Transformer (RMT) model, which is 
 designed to process sequences longer than 1 million tokens with a single GPU. 
 Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach, which holds 
 potential to enhance long-term dependency handling in natural language 
 understanding and generation tasks. The paper also reviews a variety of works 
 related to neural networks and natural language processing, such as Big Bird 
 and Opt, two Transformer-based models for longer sequences.


 This paper introduces LLM+P, a framework that combines the strengths of large 
 language models (LLMs) and classical planners to solve long-horizon planning 
 problems. Experiments show that LLM+P is able to provide optimal solutions 
 while LLMs fail to provide even feasible plans. It uses a PDDL representation 
 to convert a natural language prompt into a plan, which is then translated 
 back to natural language using the LLM. Results show that LLM+P is successful 
 in all domains, while LLM-AS-P fails in most domains. Future work includes 
 enabling the LLM to auto-detect when and how to apply LLM+P and reducing 
 LLM+P’s dependency on information by humans.


